[a11y] Added a11y docs to the visually hidden component (#1348)
Shopify/polaris-react: src/components/VisuallyHidden/README.md

  </tbody>
</table>
```

---

## Accessibility

<!-- content-for: android -->

See Material Design and development documentation about accessibility for Android:

- [Accessible design on Android](https://material.io/design/usability/accessibility.html)
- [Accessible development on Android](https://developer.android.com/guide/topics/ui/accessibility/)

<!-- /content-for -->

<!-- content-for: ios -->

See Apple’s Human Interface Guidelines and API documentation about accessibility for iOS:

- [Accessible design on iOS](https://developer.apple.com/design/human-interface-guidelines/ios/app-architecture/accessibility/)
- [Accessible development on iOS](https://developer.apple.com/accessibility/ios/)

<!-- /content-for -->

<!-- content-for: web -->

> The visually hidden component styles text so that it is not visible, but it is available to assistive technologies like screen readers and other text to speech programs.

Reviewer: Suggestion: adding a contraction and cutting out a word
```suggestion
The visually hidden component styles text so that it's not visible, but is available to assistive technologies like screen readers and other text to speech programs.
```

Author: Tweaked separately for the curly quote!

> The visually hidden component styles text so that it is not visible, but it is available to assistive technologies like screen readers and other text to speech programs.

Author: ```suggestion
The visually hidden component styles text so that it’s not visible, but it is available to assistive technologies like screen readers and other text to speech programs.
```

> The component should not be used to hide content that is interactive.

Reviewer: Suggestion: adding a contraction and cutting out a couple of words

```suggestion
The component shouldn’t be used to hide interactive content.
```
